Project 2 Report

Design

The Set is implemented as a circular doubly linked list with a dummy node. The dummy
node does not represent a real item. In an empty Set, the dummy node's next and prev
pointers both point back to the dummy node. Each real node stores one ItemType value,
plus next and prev pointers.

The list is kept in descending order. This makes get(0) return the greatest value,
get(1) return the next greatest value, and so on. Since a Set cannot contain duplicate
values, insert first walks to the proper sorted position and rejects the value if it is
already present.

Pseudocode

unite(s1, s2, result):
  create an empty temporary Set
  for each item in s1:
    insert the item into the temporary Set
  for each item in s2:
    insert the item into the temporary Set
  swap result with the temporary Set

inOnlyOne(s1, s2, result):
  create an empty temporary Set
  for each item in s1:
    if s2 does not contain the item:
      insert the item into the temporary Set
  for each item in s2:
    if s1 does not contain the item:
      insert the item into the temporary Set
  swap result with the temporary Set

Test Cases

The tests were performed on a Set of strings, with ItemType defined as std::string.

1. Default constructor and empty Set:
   Create a Set and verify size is 0, empty returns true, contains returns false, and
   erase on a missing value returns false.

2. Insert:
   Insert several different values and verify insert returns true, size increases, and
   contains finds each inserted value.

3. Duplicate insert:
   Insert the same value twice and verify the second insert returns false and size does
   not change.

4. Ordered get:
   Insert values such as ccc, aaa, and bbb. Verify get(0) returns ccc, get(1) returns
   bbb, and get(2) returns aaa.

5. Invalid get:
   Call get with -1 and with size. Verify it returns false and leaves the output
   parameter unchanged.

6. Erase:
   Insert several values, then erase the first, middle, and last values in sorted order.
   Verify each erased value is gone, the remaining values are still present, and size is
   correct.

7. Copy constructor:
   Copy a non-empty Set. Verify the copy has the same values, then modify the copy and
   verify the original is unchanged.

8. Assignment operator:
   Assign one non-empty Set to another Set that already has values. Verify the left side
   becomes a duplicate of the right side and no old values remain.

9. Self-assignment:
   Assign a Set to itself and verify all values and size are unchanged.

10. Swap:
   Swap two Sets of different sizes and verify each Set receives the other's values.
   The implementation swaps only the head pointer and size.

11. unite:
   With s1 containing 2, 8, 3, 9, 5 and s2 containing 6, 3, 8, 5, 10, verify result
   contains exactly 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, and 10.

12. inOnlyOne:
   With the same two Sets, verify result contains exactly 2, 6, 9, and 10.

13. Aliasing:
   Call unite(s1, s2, s1) and inOnlyOne(s1, s2, s2). Verify the result is still correct
   even when result is the same object as one input.
