Project 2 Report

Design

I used a circular doubly linked list with a dummy node. The dummy node is not an item
in the set. When the set is empty, the dummy node points to itself in both directions.
This made insert and erase simpler because there is no special case for deleting the
first or last real node.

Each real node stores one ItemType value and two pointers, next and prev. I kept the
nodes in descending order. Because of that, get(0) returns the greatest value, get(1)
returns the next greatest value, and so on. The insert function walks through the list
until it finds the right position. If the value is already there, insert returns false.

The destructor deletes all real nodes and then deletes the dummy node. The copy
constructor makes new nodes instead of sharing nodes with the original set. The
assignment operator copies the right hand side into a temporary set and swaps with it,
so the old nodes are cleaned up when the temporary set is destroyed.

Pseudocode

unite(s1, s2, result):
  make an empty temporary set
  go through every item in s1
    insert it into the temporary set
  go through every item in s2
    insert it into the temporary set
  swap the temporary set with result

inOnlyOne(s1, s2, result):
  make an empty temporary set
  go through every item in s1
    if s2 does not contain it, insert it into the temporary set
  go through every item in s2
    if s1 does not contain it, insert it into the temporary set
  swap the temporary set with result

Using a temporary set matters because result might be the same object as s1 or s2.
Building the answer first avoids changing one of the input sets while it is still being
used.

Test Cases

The tests were done with ItemType as std::string.

1. Empty set:
   Create a new Set. Check that size is 0, empty returns true, contains returns false
   for a missing value, and erase returns false for a missing value.

2. Insert normal values:
   Insert several different values. Check that each insert returns true, the size
   increases, and contains finds the inserted values.

3. Duplicate insert:
   Insert the same value twice. The second insert should return false and the size
   should not change.

4. Ordered get:
   Insert ccc, aaa, and bbb. Check that get(0) returns ccc, get(1) returns bbb, and
   get(2) returns aaa.

5. Bad positions for get:
   Call get with -1 and with the current size. It should return false and should not
   change the output variable.

6. Erase:
   Insert several values, then erase values from the front, middle, and end of the
   sorted list. Check that the erased values are gone, the other values are still there,
   and the size is correct.

7. Copy constructor:
   Copy a set that has values in it. Change the copy afterward and check that the
   original set did not change.

8. Assignment operator:
   Assign one non-empty set to another set that already has different values. The left
   side should end up with only the right side's values.

9. Self-assignment:
   Do s = s and check that the set still has the same size and same values.

10. Swap:
   Swap two sets with different contents and different sizes. Check that each set gets
   the other's old contents.

11. unite:
   Use one set with 2, 8, 3, 9, 5 and another with 6, 3, 8, 5, 10. The result should
   contain 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, and 10, with no duplicates.

12. inOnlyOne:
   Using the same two sets, the result should contain 2, 6, 9, and 10, because those
   values appear in only one of the two sets.

13. Aliasing:
   Test unite(s1, s2, s1) and inOnlyOne(s1, s2, s2). These should still work even
   though result is also one of the input sets.
